**Title:** FSR-Treffen
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2021.02.08
**Location:** Discord
**Anwesend:** lb, ma, ab, bp, nm, sb, ps, ls, as, hd, mv
**Abwesend:** up, db 
**Time:** 19:01
**Author:** ab, sb
**Tagesordnung:** Meeting
# FSR Meeting

## Fakultäts-Meeting
- Talk with Fellner (our dean), report by bp
    - no proposals for improvement from dean
    - AStA fights for prolonged standard period of study
        - shortened semester - less time to study normally
    - we, and other student councils, reported problems  students have during lockdown
    - internships problematic
    - exams:
        - no postponing of exams because some people are at the end of their study program (English) 
        - for all in-person exams FIND AN ALTERNATIVE (for people who don't want to write in-person)
    - new meeting with dean soon possible
    - AStA-Email for complaints/questions about online-semester:
        - neuland@asta.uni-saarland.de
    
## FSK
- FSRs on MS Teams
    - we mentioned our Discord Server 
    - Teams better because security, but link should be ok. Anonymus if people want to. Different or garbed mail can be also used instead of university mail.
- Review of 2020 and experience with online lectures
    - only interesting point where exams
    - Medicine only in person exams, met with dean early and communicated
- online teaching eval helps 
- Longer standard period of study for corona times
- **semester fee :**
    - Contribution to the student union: nothing can be done here. Apartments, Mensa, Internet etc (97,70)
    - insurance contribution (1,30)
    - Asta contribution (13): asta people are paid
    - administrative costs (50): appointment with saarl. state politics, the asta wants to abolish or at least partially suspend this 
    - semester ticket (124): problem: contract is not for one semester, but for several years. at the moment we are in the middle of the contract and can't cancel now. Bus/train fulfills its obligation even if there is no presence; not allowed to subsidize the ticket by the university. there is a point of hope, but it can't be talked about yet.

## Professorium (4pm) + Thater Meeting (3pm)
- MASKS (Chemikalienlager?)
- Plans for SS21 which changes / improvements should be made in comparison to the WS (and EARLY planning)
- Communication with students / exchange between lecturers 
    - communication between lecturers?
- Examinations

## Comitee
- students were informed via mail from Vera
- Luuk will let us know about further information + dates:
    - *Gözde Gül Sahin (12.2., 13:00-14:00)*
    - *Johann-Mattis List (17.2., 9:00-10:00)*
    - *Andreas Nautsch (17.2., 11:30-12:30)*
    - *Jesus Villalba (17.2., 14:00-15:00)*
    - *Michael Hahn (24.2., 9:00-10:00)*


## Misc
- reminder: games night planned (02/18)
    - mail ps
- casual meeting on sunday (02/14) at 5pm on discord 

## Mail-Plan
Marc, Anastasia (14.12. - 21.12.)
Anastasia, Luuk (21.12. - 28.12.)
Luuk, Ludmilla (28.12 - 4.1.)
Ludmilla, Michael (4.1. - 11.1.)
Michael, Pauline (11.1. - 18.1.)
Pauline, Urs (18.1 - 25.1.)
Urs, Hannes (25.1. - 1.2.)
Hannes, Anna (1.2. - 8.2.)
**Anna, Susi (8.2. - 15.2.)**
Susi, Ben (15.2. - 22.2.)
Ben, Nathan (22.2. - 1.3.)
Nathan, David (1.3 - 8.3.) 
David, Marc (8.3. - 15.3.)